Update tenant url format on officespace-software-provisioning-tutoria… (#1981)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/identity/saas-apps/officespace-software-provisioning-tutorial.md

	![Screenshot of Provisioning tab automatic.](common/application-provisioning.png)

> 1. In the **Tenant URL** field, input your OfficeSpace Software Tenant URL (the format should be [https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/](https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/) ) and Secret Token. Select **Test Connection** to ensure Microsoft Entra ID can connect to OfficeSpace Software. If the connection fails, ensure your OfficeSpace Software account has the required admin permissions and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Tenant URL** field, input your OfficeSpace Software Tenant URL (the format should be 'https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/') and Secret Token. Select **Test Connection** to ensure Microsoft Entra ID can connect to OfficeSpace Software. If the connection fails, ensure your OfficeSpace Software account has the required admin permissions and try again.
```

> 1. In the **Tenant URL** field, input your OfficeSpace Software Tenant URL (the format should be [[https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/](https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/)] ) and Secret Token. Select **Test Connection** to ensure Microsoft Entra ID can connect to OfficeSpace Software. If the connection fails, ensure your OfficeSpace Software account has the required admin permissions and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Tenant URL** field, input your OfficeSpace Software Tenant URL (the format should be [https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/](https://(YOURTENANTNAME).officespacesoftware.com/api/scim/v2/) ) and Secret Token. Select **Test Connection** to ensure Microsoft Entra ID can connect to OfficeSpace Software. If the connection fails, ensure your OfficeSpace Software account has the required admin permissions and try again.
```
